The Continuous Bag of
Words model is based on
the shallow dense neural
network with an input layer,
a single hidden layer,
and output layer.
As you remember, the inputs of
the model is a vector
of contexts words,
which I'll call X, and
the output is the vector of
the predicted center word,
which I'll call Y hat.
The size of these vectors is
equal to the size
of the vocabulary,
which I'll call V.
So the inputs and
output size of this
neural network is
equal to V. For instance,
if the corpus is,
I'm happy because I'm learning,
you have a five word vocabulary,
so V equals five,
and you'll create a
neural network where
the input and output layers
each have five neurons.
In the real world corporal,
this number will typically
be in the thousands.
Next is the hidden layer.
If you remember from the lesson
on the word embedding process,
the size or dimension of
the word embeddings is a
hyperparameter of the model,
which you select yourself.
Let's call the size of
the word embedding N,
where N can typically be
hundred to a thousand.
You will choose the size
of the hidden layer to
equal the size of the
expected word, embedding.
If you choose the size of
the word embedding to be N,
then you will choose
the hidden layer for
this networks to have N neurons.
I'll call the vector
presenting the hidden layer
H. This is a regular
feed-forward network,
also called a dense
neural network.
So the three layers
are fully connected.
I'll call the weights
matrix between
the input layer and
the hidden layer W_1,
and the bias vector of
the hidden layer is b_1.
Similarly, W_2 is
the weighting matrix
between the hidden layer
and the output layer,
and b_2 is the bias vector
of the output layer.
These are the matrices
in vectors that
the neural network will be
learning as you train it.
To give you a little preview
of where you're going,
you will derive the
word embeddings
from the weight of matrices
of this neural network.
You will see more
about this later.
You now need activation functions
for the hidden layer
and output layer.
The results of the activation of
the hidden layer is what
gets sent to the next layer,
which in this case
is the output layer.
Similarly, the outcome
of the activation of
the output layer is what
will be shown as the
model's prediction.
For the hidden layer,
you will use the rectified
linear unit function, or ReLU.
For the output layer,
you will use the
softmax function.
The activation
functions themselves
deserve a proper discussion,
so I'll describe them in
one of the next videos.
There you have it,
the architecture
of the Continuous
Bag of Words model.
Next up, I'll go through
the dimensions of the matrices
in vectors I mentioned,
another important
components you'll need for
completing this week's
fun assignments.
In this video, you have seen
the overall structure
of your algorithm.
You were trying to predict
the middle word given
the words outside or
the context words.
However, you have V possible
ways that you can predict.
You can not use a logistic
regression in this case because
a logistic regression
outputs two possibilities.